I'm Aleix Palmada, computer engineering student at the University of Girona. In this case we have been asked to make a curriculum in html and css, my work consists of the following:

Firstly, regarding the information contained in the curriculum, I have chosen to separate it into two parts. In the right part we can see how I talk more about myself, about the studies and jobs I have carried out so far classified by the years in which I have done each thing. On the other hand, on the left side, I show mostly my abilities and skills that I have learned and that could help me in a possible job. The frontal photo at the top of the curriculum should also be highlighted. I put it in a circular way to make it look more professional and better.

Regarding the design of the page I have opted for a colorful and cheerful design. I think that on the right side, which is the more professional side, I have used a design that is more based on the importance of the information provided and that does not stand out so much. Even so, I have used some icons, based on a link, which are attributed to what I explain in each section. In addition, I added the words "studies" and "work" in red to emphasize what is being explained in each section and to give more color to the design. On the left side I have made a very visual design, full of colors, in which we can see the contact, languages ​​and digital skills sections. For the contact section I have also used the icons I mentioned above to add a phone icon and an email icon. For the language and skills sections I have used a gray bar with a white color depending on my mastery in each thing. So, the white color represents how well I know how to use a language (Catalan, Spanish, English) and my abilities in different programs that I have used and learned. It should be emphasized that in the html design you can see the separation between the parts that I am referring to all the time. For the photo, to highlight, I added a blue shadow using a bow-shadow in the css section. Above the contact names, languages ​​and digital skills there is a green highlight. I used a z-index because it looked like this highlight was behind you.

It is also worth noting all the adjusted margins, the text alignments, the colors used and the sizes of everything, which can be seen reflected in the css file

